tools: add conversion to MEI v5.1 (#44)
music-encoding/encoding-tools: README.md

- XSLT Stylesheets for converting MEI to other formats (e.g., MusicXML, MARC, MODS, etc.)
- XSLT Stylesheets for converting other formats to MEI (e.g., MusicXML, MARC)

## Usage

> If you have Saxon installed on you system and it is available in your command-line you can easily apply the XSLTs to single files or a whole folder of files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have Saxon installed on your system and it is available in your command-line, you can easily apply the XSLTs to single files or a whole directory.
```

> For example, to transform a single file from MEI v5.0 to MEI v5.1 you could call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to transform a single file from MEI v5.0 to MEI v5.1, you could run:
```

```bash
saxon -s:/PATH/TO/INPUT-FILE.mei -xsl:/PATH/TO/encoding-tools/mei50To51/mei50To51.xsl -o:/PATH/TO/OUTPUT-FILE.mei
```

> To apply it to a folder the comman would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply it to a folder the command would be:
```

```bash
saxon -s:/PATH/TO/INPUT-DIRECTORY -xsl:/PATH/TO/encoding-tools/mei50To51/mei50To51.xsl -o:/PATH/TO/OUTPUT-DIRECTORY
```

> Please be aware that the above comman does not recurse the directory tree and only transforms files located in that directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that the above command does not recursively traverse the directory tree and only transforms files located in that directory.
```
